[Music]
Burt Reynolds the electricity that turns
on the most outrageous team in football
the Mean Machine supercharged and
powered driven to The Longest Yard
Burt Reynolds the quarterback will
tackle anything
driver's license yeah look we got it a
miniature cop
the superstar
I feel so good struck the all-american
the all amazing a joker of a jock who
laughed all the way to prison Paul a
wrecking crew but anybody who's pro
football's most valuable players got
something special gendered standing up a
hero so special he gets special
treatment of a football game minutes and
American
[Music]
get you 24-hour hotbox boy I quit God
what the hell is that as a member of the
warden football team and I run a
football team what football team my
football team he assembled the meanest
dirtiest team in history we're getting
up a football game against the guards
[Music]
and taught them how to be meaner is to
protect your quarterback before this
game is over
I want every prisoner in this
institution to know what I mean by power
and who controls it the prison guards
against the prisoners they guarded the
game that broke all the records all the
bones the most incredible of a play on
the field and off you're gonna lose the
game and I wanted 21 point spread
we've come too far together to stop now
let's do it
from the producer of The Godfather
from the director of the Dirty Dozen
from the first second to the last the
Mean Machine means it Burt Reynolds
Eddie Albert in the wildest yet
[Applause]
The Longest Yard
[Music]